AST-567 - fix: Two search buttons visible on results page when Astra SVGs enabled (#2861)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

- Fix: CLS – Flashing desktop menu on mobile view.
- Fix: WooCommerce - product search widget button not aligned on other than shop and single product page.
- Fix: Sticky Header - Transition effect of headers when Shrink Effect is enabled.

> - Fix: Two submit buttons visible on results page when Astra SVG icons enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Two search buttons visible on the results page when Astra SVG icons enabled.
```

Author: Done 👍
